I'm detective what's in it Elliot and
this is trooper Wagner we just want to
ask a few questions
we understand none of his demise the
family have gathered to celebrate your
father's 85th birthday
how was it oh the party pre my dad's
death oh it was great ladies and
gentlemen I would like to request that
you all stay until the investigation is
completed
what can we ask why has something
changed no no it hasn't changed or no we
can't ask you think one of his family
walls is that what you're suggesting
[Music]
you all love twisting the knife into one
another up your ass
oh very perfect we check that
definitely eat
you know something spill it
I suspect foul play
I have eliminated no suspects
it's a twisted web we are not finished
untangling it not yet
what is this CSI KFC
[Applause]
[Music]